i need to make me full website that have this operaion backend and frontend in different folder that website wiil be perform the system of stream pharmacy casher where admin give casher account and get dairy report from casher and stastic of week , to site of casher will be have place to fullfill dairyreport have morning shift,evening shift and night shift . on that report will be have cash made , momo ,credit,pos,e-kashi,total of all calculated automatical ,and balance remain. use php and sql database to save all records,tailwindcss and fistoverall start with login form plz.


on change side of casher can have this menu : SALES,EXPENSES,PURCHASES,CASHOUT,INSURANCE,and REPORT on SALES have this table choose date , choose shift like morning,evening and night shift after that enter cash,momo,e-kash,credit get total automatically the total INSURANCE of that date,pos,total all that calculated automatically ,and fullfill the remain the balance we have that date and time. on EXPENSES HAVE number,date,reasons,amount,way. on purchase number of purchase , date , select if it is incash or incredit,invoice number,suppliyer name,on CASHOUT have date,cashout amount,cashout account,cashout person or reason. on INSURANCE HAVE to select this list of insurance : RSSB,OLDMUTUAL,PRIME INSURANCE,RADIANT,SANLAM,EDEN CARE,BRITAM,UBUZIMA BWIZA FOUNDATION,MMI ,EQIUTY and after select insurance enter the credit amount of any insurance per day and that system help casher o calculate that credit and fullfill on credit report. on REPORT side show all report details of day in easy put research where can get report date he/she want  

on casher dashboard make new good background and increase beautfull . on sales remove credit enter place and submit that report on side of report  the menu will be on left side like professional dashboard . on expenses add edit acion . on purchase remove number enter space and add enter space of amount and edit action. on insurance remove that credit amount and if people select insurance get table fill the name of client and amount the casher can enter more than one in one insurance after enters all records of insurance make sum of all credit through all insurance on insurance menu show date and all insurance credit made per day and total . on report need to show records . 